As you bravely decide to wait, your heart pounding with a mixture of
apprehension and curiosity, the spooky noise that had unsettled you
earlier begins to subside. Gradually, the unsettling atmosphere
dissipates, and a newfound calm washes over you. You take a deep breath,
realizing that perhaps there is a rational explanation for the eerie
occurrences in this house.

With nerves steadied and a sense of determination, you make your way
towards the front door, which was open the whole time, eager to put this
harrowing ordeal behind you. As you step out into the fresh air, a wave
of relief washes over you. You reach for your phone and dial the
emergency number, alerting the authorities to the peculiar events you
have witnessed.

The police arrive swiftly, and with your detailed account, they spring
into action. The container you found in the fridge proves to be a crucial
piece of evidence, as it contains that lady's severed head! In a stroke
of medical marvel, her head is successfully reattached at a local
hospital, finally restoring her to a state of wholeness.

Your courageous actions have brought an end to the haunting and set in
motion a resolution for all involved. The town marvels at the bizarre but
ultimately heartwarming tale that unfolded within the walls of that
mysterious house.


            ^^                   @@@@@@@@@
       ^^       ^^            @@@@@@@@@@@@@@@
                            @@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@              ^^
                           @@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@
 ~~~~ ~~ ~~~~~ ~~~~~~~~ ~~ &&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&& ~~~~~~~ ~~~~~~~~~~~ ~~~
 ~         ~~   ~  ~       ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ ~       ~~     ~~ ~
   ~      ~~      ~~ ~~ ~~  ~~~~~~~~~~~~~ ~~~~  ~     ~~~    ~ ~~~  ~ ~~
   ~  ~~     ~         ~      ~~~~~~  ~~ ~~~       ~~ ~ ~~  ~~ ~
 ~  ~       ~ ~      ~           ~~ ~~~~~~  ~      ~~  ~             ~~
       ~             ~        ~      ~      ~~   ~             ~

With the ordeal behind you, you can finally breathe a sigh of relief. The
haunted house is no longer a place of dread, but rather a reminder of
your resilience and ability to conquer the unknown. As you walk away from
the house, a sense of triumph fills your heart, knowing that you have not
only escaped its clutches but also brought justice and restoration to the
headless lady.

Congratulations, valiant adventurer, on your triumphant escape and the
newfound peace you have brought to this peculiar town. May your future
endeavors be filled with less supernatural entanglements, but always
remember the courage you exhibited in the face of the unknown.